---
layout: post
title: A New Blog
categories: ["#meta", "#jekyll"]
---

How exciting, a new blog. I haven't written a blog since about 2009 when I started about 15 of them across one year, each one dying before it ever really started. Before that I wrote for an Arsenal fan site and enjoyed it, but that was around the time when it started to really grind to watch and talk about Arsenal. It is still not an enjoyable experience, being an Arsenal fan. Hopefully the blog outlook has improved.

I am starting this blog to cover several areas in my life
- I am your garden variety opinionated asshole but I don't really like the way social media distills everything into 160 characters of black & white. I think a lot about things, and I feel that explaining yourself is important in discourse. I will still tweet stupid shit.
- I really like music and started a top 10 of 2019. It's currently hundreds of words long and there is no point farting that out into Facebook so someone can shitpost some tory meme into the comments
- I love to code, and I love to explore code. My favourite accomplishments are the simple elegant solutions you end up arriving at after 2 weeks of screaming at your desk. Maybe it would help me to improve if I wrote some of that stuff down. Maybe I am just solving stupid problems I shouldn't have had in the first place.
- I wanted to get to grips with something new and Jekyll seemed a good choice because it is only 11 years old (lmao)

So anyway, this is all powered by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) using their magic [Jekyll & Github glue thing](https://help.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll).

I started with the base theme. Every single blog I have ever started lived and died whilst I was still farting about trying to line up the header or footer. So, I thought I'd choose my own fonts and alter the footer slightly and just get on with it. I'm not a designer. Hell, I'm not much of a writer, so it's probably worth practicing that before I get bogged down in redesigning a site I never get round to populating.
